# BU_METCS665_SummerI_Assign4

This project is a management system for electronic parts distributors. It helps managers monitoring the quantity of each electronic part in warehouse and in transit due to the order placed. 
Different role of users will be given different authorizations. System administrators are allowed to setting up new accounts and give different level of authorizations. Managers have the highest authorization to make changes of all electronic parts’ information, manufacturers’ and customers’ contact information. Sales cannot see the buy-in price and the contact information of manufacturers, and sales cannot generate procurement report either. Only managers and procurement staff have the authorization to generate procurement reports. All members except warehouse staff can generate sales report to do the sales analysis. Sales are able to see all parts’ information except the information of purchasing. 
Managers have additional functions available including generating sales performance report. Managers are able to pull out a report regarding sales people’s performance which applies Iterator and Interpreter design pattern. Creating reports is behavioral, and there’re many sales people in the company, so using iterator and interpreter is a good way to construct this functionality. 
While placing the purchase order, users are required to type in the date, manufacturer, parts, quantity, price, estimated delivery and sales contact personnel. A mediator design pattern will be used in this functionality since creating such orders is behavioral. 
While creating reports, users are required to type in start date, end date, warehouse. Specific part number is optional for reports. 
